Release 5.0.3 (#233)
blackbaud/skyux-lookup: CHANGELOG.md

# 5.0.3 (2021-10-19)

- Fixed lookup to disable the button while the component is disabled. [#229](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lookup/pull/229)

> - Updated country field to allow programatic updates while the component is disabled. [#232](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lookup/pull/232)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated country field to allow programmatic updates while the component is disabled. [#232](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lookup/pull/232)
```

> - Updated country field to allow programatic updates while the component is disabled. [#232](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lookup/pull/232)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the country field component to allow programmatic updates when the component is disabled. [#232](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lookup/pull/232)
```
